Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which methods did you decide to `overload`, and why?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

For the House subclass, I overloaded the constructor. The only difference between the information for just a building and for the house is if there is a dining room. Having a constructor with just this variable allows for a House object to be creates simpler if it is already an existing building and the only thing that needs to be added is wheter or not there is a dining room. The other method I overloaded for the house class was the toString method. This is because a house would not have a name the same way a library/building/cafe would have. For the Library class, I overloaded the constructor to only include the hashtable of collections. I did this because someone could want to create a library and only care about the collection itself. For the library class, I also overloaded the constructor to only include the number of floors. I did this because someone might only care about how many floors there are in the library when they are trying to go up and down the floors. For the cafe class, I overloaded the constructor to only include the amount of coffee in ounces. I did this because the most important part of the inventory would be the coffee, so one might only be concerned with that. I also overloaded the toString method for the cafe class. I did this because we are assuming a cafe would only have one floor, so it does not need to include the number of floors parameter. 

Looking at previous coding projects and example code from class was very helpful. Google was not very helpful because for me it is too much information. This makes me doubt myself, and I usually end up more lost. I would tell someone to start these assignments as soon as possible, and go to office hours and or TA hours whenever possible. 